When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I would like to share my project online with my friends and let 
    them make some changes in it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because there might be some changes which I do not want to make it in my local
    repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A fork is a copy of a repository on GitHub. Use this when you want to make 
    changes to a repository when you dont have access to the original repository.
    A clone is copy of a repository. This can be on the same machine, but it can also be a clone from a GitHub repository to your own machine. Use this for collaborating.
    Branches are leafs on the master branch. Those can be seen as a side track in which you can change code without changing the master branch. Use this for creating new features/bug fixes. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can work offline, it saves a lot of data overhead when pushing changes to github
    and it gives the possibility to do a quick check which changes are made in the online
    repo compared to the offline repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without Git or GitHub I have to sent files over via email/networkshare/dropbox etc.
    This will work but I'm loosing the history of changes.
    This makes it hard to combine the work of multiple people.
    The only thing I can think of that is easier without using Git is that you don't need to learn how Git works, and the other techniques are simpler.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
